My name is Peter and I live in Sydney, Australia with my parents.
My grandparents are American and they live in New York.
The weather is very different there.
In New York it often snows in the winter months, December, January and February.
My grandparents wear very warm clothes because it's very cold.
In New York the summers are very hot.
In July the temperature is often over 30 degrees.
It never snows in Sydney in December because it's the middle of summer.
It's very hot and sunny so we often go to the beach.
In Sydney it often rains in the Australian autumn, April, May and June.
Winter in Sydney is not very cold.
The temperature is about 18 degrees.